1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was 
introduced?

Ans: By viewing diff between two versions of a file it was easy to note the diffences 
between them and the changes we made from the old one to new.
Making it easier for us to notice the changes we made to the old one , diff between two 
versions help us to easily notice the bugs since we only need to check those statements 
where we made changes.

2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

Ans: By having easy access to entire history of a file, we will be able to compare and contrast between the multiple versions which help us in finding bugs 
faster making us more efficient.On the long run when the programs tend to become large and to have numerous versions,it becomes hard for us to remember the 
changes we did in each version.It is better to have version control systems to take care of such tedious jobs.

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, 
like Google Docs does?

Ans:->When we manually commit there is possibility of human error of commiting often or commiting rarely.While in case of automatic systems the versions 
are saved in equal time intervals.
	->In automtic case there may be times where commits are done without a proper change (like a logical one) being made but that will not happen in case 
of manual commits in general.

4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Ans: When we consider version control systems that supports coding,like git,it is reasonable that,it allows saving multiple files,since most programing 
languages involve codes that connect different files.While in case of systems like Google Docs,generally files are not related with each other.

5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Ans: Type git log in bash to view the recent commits with information and commit IDs.Type git diff commitID1 commitID2 to view the changes made from one version 
to another.

6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Ans: By using version control I can back track,i.e, go back to the old versions and easily find bugs which caused a broke down.Having this advantage of undo, 
I feel confident to make changes.

7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Ans: I wanna use git for saving different versions of files while working on a project. 